### Terms of Use

The Jackson Laboratory provides this educational content for your information and education. Your access to and use of the content is subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing, using, and browsing the content, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions. 

**Terms and Conditions** 
1.	You may download the content or use material displayed in the content for non-commercial, personal use only, provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio and video without The Jackson Laboratory's written permission. 
2.	Everything you see or read is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these Terms and Conditions without the written permission of The Jackson Laboratory. 
3.	While The Jackson Laboratory uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information in the content, The Jackson Laboratory makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy or completeness.  Everything is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS, OR THAT THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR FREE OF OMISSIONS, ERRORS, OR DEFECTS. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. 
4.	ANY USE OF THE CONTENT IS AT YOUR RISK. The Jackson Laboratory assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content.  Neither The Jackson Laboratory nor any other party involved in creating, producing or delivering the content is liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages of any kind arising out of your access to, or use of, the content. The Jackson Laboratory also assumes no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property relating to your access to, use of, or your downloading of any content, materials, data, text, images, video or audio. 
5.	The trademarks, logos, and service marks (collectively the "Trademarks") contained in the content are registered and unregistered Trademarks of The Jackson Laboratory and others. Nothing contained on the content should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed in the content without the written permission of The Jackson Laboratory or such third party that may own the Trademarks displayed in the content. 
6.	The Jackson Laboratory may at any time revise these Terms and Conditions by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Terms and Conditions to which you are bound.
